fix the conflict behavior (#2635)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.0/sql/commands/sql-create-table.md

The action could one of the following. A column not in the primary key can be specified as the version column for `DO UPDATE FULL` and `DO UPDATE IF NOT NULL`. When version column is specified, the insert operation will take effect only when the newly inserted value is greater or equal than the exist data record in the table's specified column.

- `IGNORE`: Ignore the newly inserted record.

> - `DO UPDATE FULL [WITH VERSION COLUMN(col_name)]`: Replace the existing row in the table. When version column is specified, the existing row will be replaced only when the newly inserted value is greater or equal than the existing data record in the table's specified column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OVERWRITE [WITH VERSION COLUMN(col_name)]`: Replace the existing row in the table. When version column is specified, the existing row will be replaced only when the newly inserted value is greater or equal than the existing data record in the table's specified column.
```
